Re-run all modules with HGG mis-assignments resolved (#86)
d3b-center/pbta-ancestry: analyses/add-histologies/01-add_histologies.Rmd

                     'age_at_chemo_start', 'age_at_radiation_start')], 
            by = 'Kids_First_Participant_ID') %>%
  # There is one sample (BS_M52K86E6) with no matched tumor in OPC v14, but is known to have an oligodendroglioma. We will manually enter braod_histology and cancer_group info

>   # Additionally, 4 PNOC-003 samples have incorrect cancer_group assignment; should be DMG but is listed as High-grade glioma. We will update here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Additionally, 4 PNOC samples have incorrect cancer_group assignment; should be DIPG or DMG based on `pathology_diagnosis`, but is listed as High-grade glioma. We will update here
```

>   # Additionally, 4 PNOC-003 samples have incorrect cancer_group assignment; should be DMG but is listed as High-grade glioma. We will update here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Additionally, 4 PNOC samples have incorrect cancer_group assignment; should be DMG but is listed as High-grade glioma. We will update here
```
